hey we're storyblock we're at saster
2022 in San Mateo we're gonna go around
asking some questions so let's go
[Music]
energy inspiring exciting fun
exhilarating life-changing riveting
I like that one
[Music]
[Applause]
graphic design and visualization tools a
company that creates Instagram stories
you're telling some very exciting
stories about some very exciting
startups the video platform something
around content management for e-commerce
my guess is you tell stories about
companies or Founders and then you
present that to the media or to other
individuals in the community help
companies with everything from you know
being able to tell a story for their
product to their customers it's about
creating stories
probably suggesting by the name and
really creating a customer Journey
around those and maybe
establishing a connection between a
brand and maybe events like this
[Music]
foreign
is there any risk in the pet like
attacking me or is it extremely loyal a
horse-sized duck horse-sized duck would
be really really fun duck size horse dog
size horse definitely duck-sized horse
definitely a dog-sized horse that'd be
awesome I would take absolutely a duck
sized horse oh my God
foreign
[Music]